Eclipse article (#77)
java/devjava-content: app/pages/learn/01_tutorial/01_your-first-java-app/03_writing-java-applications-with-eclipse.md

				&& Objects.equals(lastName, other.lastName);
	}
	@Override
	public String toString() {
		return "Person [firstName=" + firstName + ", lastName=" + lastName + ", age=" + age + "]";
	}
	
}
```

<a id="refactoring">&nbsp;</a>
## Refactoring

When working on Java applications, it is often necessary to change existing code in various ways while preserving functionality. Eclipse supports developers doing that by providing various refactoring options. An example of that is renaming class, methods or fields. This can be done by clicking on a class, method or variable name, right-clicking and selecting `Refactor` > `Rename`.  
[![Rename context menu](/assets/images/eclipse/context_rename.png)](/assets/images/eclipse/context_rename.png)

It is then possible to change to name to something different and confirming it using the `Enter` key. This also updates all references to the renamed element.  
[![Renaming a class name](/assets/images/eclipse/rename_box.png)](/assets/images/eclipse/rename_box.png)
[![Renaming a class name](/assets/images/eclipse/rename_different_text.png)](/assets/images/eclipse/rename_different_text.png)

<a id="summary">&nbsp;</a>
## Summary

> As you can see, the Eclipse IDE provides a lot of tools that help developers writing Java applications. While this article shows some, Eclipse comes with many more features which can be especially useful when working on bigger applications. If you are interested in reading more, check out the [Java Development user guide](https://help.eclipse.org/latest/index.jsp?nav=%2F1).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As you can see, the Eclipse IDE provides a lot of tools that help developers write Java applications. While this article shows some, Eclipse comes with many more features that can be especially useful when working on bigger applications. If you are interested in reading more, check out the [Java Development user guide](https://help.eclipse.org/latest/index.jsp?nav=%2F1).
```
